yeah oh yeah the funny marks not here
funny summer for the moment and yeah war
Warcraft against League of Legends yeah
I am with League of Legends first and
yeah I would be actually a good game and
yeah I won't basically with the whole
video of the gameplay
I think another time would be great so
League of Legends is high strategy game
with high action in it and it makes a
good sense of gameplay so its gameplay
is awesome
there are moment 110 chatting something
and yeah yeah I'm at design capability
with many computers and I don't think
many various that yeah actually just
fine computers we play the game with two
gigabytes RAM I think and whatever I
just good stunned you know so let's go
to the cons so every game is 45 minutes
or 20 minutes or 10 minutes if you have
nerves in your team or I don't fucking
care anymore so you have 40 to max 50
minutes to play a game a single game so
all you have to do is level of your
chapter to 18 level and then go destroy
the fucking Nexus and when you're done
you're done it's over
you know first book so yeah in overall
League of Legends it's just a game that
you must not be addicted to it because
all you have to do is throw a fucking
Nexus over and over again
hey yeah and now I got my Stan huh do i
I'm not addicted oh shit
so yeah that's overall about League of
Legends enjoy a gameplay of about five
minutes and yeah so I will commentary'
right now so oh yeah exactly
it's actually started just so that I'm
two minutes and something three minutes
just kidding
now um I'm trying to take a kill but she
goes your way all the time and the chart
for me and they got fucking pre-made
yeah oh did I mention I play in east of
Europe that worst server ever yeah I
have a hard time with my yellow that's
why I play normal and yeah it's amazing
isn't it so we got diaries against G on
top it would be a hard one as you can
see
the iris is that good yeah shit fuck
yeah
now will mess with me I made midlane Oh
God
oh no no don't even think about it now
then you failed badly you bitch I don't
care I don't care about luggage put
yours yeah yeah so I think we'll move on
Warcraft now I don't do this you cannot
do this yet and I survived with 58 HP
key points whatever the fuck you call
this help and mom I so
yeah I think we must move on Warcraft
now but I will fucking play the game
till then so I'll see you guys and about
the game is over